Papa Is You Game Example (#459)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-examples: examples/papa-is-you/README.md

> Building upon the sokoban example gamein GDevelop, this example uses mechanics similar to those found in Baba is You, a hit indie puzzle game made by Arvi Teikari in 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building upon the sokoban example game in GDevelop, this example uses mechanics similar to those found in Baba is You, a hit indie puzzle game made by Arvi Teikari in 2019.
```

> In this example you play using typical sokoban controls, but you'll also move text blocks that can turn on and off different logic to solve puzzles in the game. With the eventual goal of each level being to put an object with the "win" logic in collision with an object with the "controlled" logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you play using typical Sokoban controls, but there is a twist: you'll also push text blocks that change the game rules to solve puzzles.
```
